Make it possible to dump concepts (#1196)
tenzir/vast: doc/cli/vast-dump.md

> The `dump` command prints configuration options as JSON. An optional `--yaml`
> flag switches the output format to YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dump` command prints configuration and schema-related information. By default, the output is JSON-formatted. The flag `--yaml` flag switches to YAML output.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The `dump` command prints configuration and schema-related information. By
default, the output is JSON-formatted. The flag `--yaml` flag switches to YAML
output.
```

For example, to see the amalgamated concept definitions, use the following

> command:

Reviewer: I'm questioning that "amalgamated" is easier to understand than "irreconcilable". 😉

Author: ```suggestion
For example, to see all registered concept definitions, use the following
command:
```

```
vast dump --yaml concepts

> ```

Reviewer: You could add a note/tip that the YAML output is also valid input when placing it into a file in the loaded schema dirs.

Author: Do we want to make that guarantee? We're not testing it currently, and there are no checks in place for it.
